# Go API client for file_v1

An openAPI 3.0 specification that defines how files are stored and accessed on ant investor products

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://antinvestor.com](https://antinvestor.com)

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```sh
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```go
import file_v1 "github.com/antinvestor/apis/go/files"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```go
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `file_v1.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), file_v1.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `file_v1.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), file_v1.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `file_v1.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `file_v1.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), file_v1.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), file_v1.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://media.antinvestor.com/_matrix/client/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*MediaAPI* | [**CreateContent**](docs/MediaAPI.md#createcontent) | **Post** /media/create | Create a new &#x60;mxc://&#x60; URI without uploading the content.
*MediaAPI* | [**GetConfig**](docs/MediaAPI.md#getconfig) | **Get** /media/config | Get the configuration for the content repository.
*MediaAPI* | [**GetContent**](docs/MediaAPI.md#getcontent) | **Get** /media/download/{serverName}/{mediaId} | Download content from the content repository.
*MediaAPI* | [**GetContentOverrideName**](docs/MediaAPI.md#getcontentoverridename) | **Get** /media/download/{serverName}/{mediaId}/{fileName} | Download content from the content repository overriding the file name.
*MediaAPI* | [**GetContentThumbnail**](docs/MediaAPI.md#getcontentthumbnail) | **Get** /media/thumbnail/{serverName}/{mediaId} | Download a thumbnail of content from the content repository
*MediaAPI* | [**GetUrlPreview**](docs/MediaAPI.md#geturlpreview) | **Get** /media/preview_url | Get information about a URL for a client
*MediaAPI* | [**UploadContent**](docs/MediaAPI.md#uploadcontent) | **Post** /media/upload | Upload some content to the content repository.
*MediaAPI* | [**UploadContentToMXC**](docs/MediaAPI.md#uploadcontenttomxc) | **Put** /media/upload/{serverName}/{mediaId} | Upload content to an &#x60;mxc://&#x60; URI that was created earlier.


## Documentation For Models

 - [CreateContent200Response](docs/CreateContent200Response.md)
 - [Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [Error1](docs/Error1.md)
 - [GetConfig200Response](docs/GetConfig200Response.md)
 - [GetUrlPreview200Response](docs/GetUrlPreview200Response.md)
 - [UploadContent200Response](docs/UploadContent200Response.md)


## Documentation For Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### accessTokenBearer

- **Type**: HTTP Bearer token authentication

Example

```go
auth := context.WithValue(context.Background(), file_v1.ContextAccessToken, "BEARER_TOKEN_STRING")
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author

info@antinvestor.com

